Style edits (#122)
ROCm-Developer-Tools/ROC_SHMEM: docs/introduction.rst

> What is rocSHMEM?

Reviewer: There's a problem in the description above:
AMD **dGPUs**

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/ROCm/rocSHMEM/pull/122/commits/fc4bd203e5475540d026b90ee388857ed366bf90

---------------------------

The ROCm OpenSHMEM (rocSHMEM) runtime is an intra-kernel networking library that provides GPU-centric networking through an OpenSHMEM-like interface. It simplifies application code complexity and enables finer communication and computation overlap than traditional host-driven networking. rocSHMEM uses a single symmetric heap (SHEAP) allocated on GPU memories.

> The code is open and hosted at `<https://github.com/ROCm/rocSHMEM>`_.

Reviewer: We don't usually repeat this link - it's just for the landing page.

Author: Removed in https://github.com/ROCm/rocSHMEM/pull/122/commits/fc4bd203e5475540d026b90ee388857ed366bf90

> 

Reviewer: We use sentence case for titles - please review everywhere. 
The next line should be:
The rocSHMEM programming model

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/ROCm/rocSHMEM/pull/122/commits/fc4bd203e5475540d026b90ee388857ed366bf90

Defining how OpenSHMEM applications interact with GPUs remains an

> ongoing active discussion within the OpenSHMEM community, and the OpenSHMEM

Reviewer: link to the community in here?

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure there is a good link for the discussion but the openshmem website could suffice here: http://www.openshmem.org/site/

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/ROCm/rocSHMEM/pull/122/commits/fc4bd203e5475540d026b90ee388857ed366bf90

specification has yet to coalesce on this topic.
rocSHMEM extends beyond the OpenSHMEM specification to add semantics that

> support GPU kernel communication, while maintaining close resemblance to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
support GPU kernel communication while maintaining close resemblance to
```

the original OpenSHMEM specification semantics. 

> Applications using HIP can easily interface with rocSHMEM.

Reviewer: Link to HIP

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/ROCm/rocSHMEM/pull/122/commits/fc4bd203e5475540d026b90ee388857ed366bf90

> Applications using HIP can easily interface with rocSHMEM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Applications using HIP can interface with rocSHMEM.
```

> By using the HIP programming model,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the HIP programming model,
```

rocSHMEM provides ``__host__`` APIs for host code,
and ``__device__`` APIs for GPU kernels.

> Device APIs without special suffixes or infixes , for example, ``_wg`` or ``_wave``, 

Reviewer: is **infixes** the right term?
my first time seeing it.

Reviewer 2: This is correct, example APIs include:

1.`rocshmem_wg_init`
2.`rocshmem_TYPENAME_put_wg`

API 1. has the infix `_wg_` and API 2. has the suffix `_wg`.

This is a strange thing to do with APIs, and long-term we plan to move away from it and only use `_wg` at the end of functions

must be called by a single thread.
GPU specific ``_wg`` and ``_wave`` APIs are designed to be called by multiple GPU threads
and will block until the calling scope completes.
These APIs can be called in divergent code paths, but this is not recommended.

Wavefront APIs
==============
Wavefront APIs are those with the ``_wave`` suffix.
The parameters in which these routines are called must be
the same for every thread in the wavefront.

> If any thread calls these routines with different parameters, the behavior is undefined.
> These APIs will block until the calling wavefront completes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The behavior is undefined if any thread calls these routines with different parameters. These APIs will block until the calling wavefront is complete.
```

Workgroup APIs
==============

> The workgroup APIs are those with the ``_wg`` suffix or ``_wg_`` infix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The workgroup APIs have the ``_wg`` suffix or ``_wg_`` infix.
```

The parameters in which these routines are called must be
the same for every thread in the workgroup.

> If any thread calls these routines with different parameters, the behavior is undefined.
> These APIs will block until the calling workgroup completes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The behavior is undefined if any thread calls these routines with different parameters. These APIs will block until the calling workgroup is complete.
```
